docs: :building_construction: pseudocode for `join_inclusions()` (#210)
steno-aarhus/osdc: vignettes/articles/function-flow.Rmd

### `join_inclusions()`

```{r}
#' Join included events.
#'
#' This function joins the outputs from all the inclusion and exclusion
#' functions, by `pnr` and `dates`. Input datasets:
#'
#' - `included_diabetes_diagnoses`: Dates are the first and second hospital diabetes diagnosis.
#' - `included_podiatrist_services`: Dates are the first and second diabetes-specific podiatrist record.

> #' - `excluded_pregnancy`: Dates are the first and second elevated HbA1c test results (after censoring).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#' - `hba1c_censored_pregnancy`: Dates are the first and second elevated HbA1c test results (after censoring potential gestational diabetes).
#' - `gld_censored_pcos_pregnancy`: Dates are the first and second purchase of a glucose-lowering drug (after censoring potential polycystic ovary syndrome and gestational diabetes).
```

Glucose-lowering drugs are also an input. For the sake of consistency and epidemiological correctness, I suggest renaming the objects/functions to variations of _censored rather than _excluded. I also extended the naming of inputs to be explicit about what censoring/functions they've gone through.

#'
#' @param included_diabetes_diagnoses Output from [include_diabetes_diagnoses()].
#' @param included_podiatrist_services Output from [include_podiatrist_services()].
#' @param excluded_pregnancy Output from [exclude_pregnancy()].
#'
#' @returns The same type as the input data, default as a [tibble::tibble()],
#'   with the joined columns from the output of [include_diabetes_diagnoses()],
#'   [include_podiatrist_services()] and [exclude_pregnancy()]. There will be 
#'   1-8 rows per `pnr`.
#' @keyword internal
#' @inherit algorithm seealso
join_inclusions <- function(
    included_diabetes_diagnoses,
    included_podiatrist_services,

>     excluded_pregnancy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    hba1c_censored_pregnancy,
    gld_censored_pcos_pregnancy
```

### `join_inclusions()`

```{r}
#' Join included events.
#'
#' This function joins the outputs from all the inclusion and exclusion
#' functions, by `pnr` and `dates`. Input datasets:
#'
#' - `included_diabetes_diagnoses`: Dates are the first and second hospital diabetes diagnosis.
#' - `included_podiatrist_services`: Dates are the first and second diabetes-specific podiatrist record.
#' - `excluded_pregnancy`: Dates are the first and second elevated HbA1c test results (after censoring).
#'
#' @param included_diabetes_diagnoses Output from [include_diabetes_diagnoses()].
#' @param included_podiatrist_services Output from [include_podiatrist_services()].
#' @param excluded_pregnancy Output from [exclude_pregnancy()].

> #' @param included_gld_purchases Output from [include_gld_purchases()].

Author: ```suggestion
```

### `join_inclusions()`

```{r}
#' Join the outputs from the inclusion and exclusion events.
#'
#' This function joins the outputs from all the inclusion and exclusion
#' events, by `pnr` and `dates`. From the input datasets:
#'
#' - `included_diabetes_diagnoses`: Dates are the first and second hospital diabetes diagnosis.
#' - `included_podiatrist_services`: Dates are the first and second diabetes-specific podiatrist record.
#' - `excluded_pregnancy`: Dates are the first and second elevated HbA1c test results (after censoring).
#' - `included_gld_purchases`: Dates are the first and second purchase of GLD of each individual.
#'
#' @param included_diabetes_diagnoses Output from [include_diabetes_diagnoses()].
#' @param included_podiatrist_services Output from [include_podiatrist_services()].
#' @param excluded_pregnancy Output from [exclude_pregnancy()].
#' @param included_gld_purchases Output from [include_gld_purchases()].
#'

> #' @return The same type as the input data, default as a [tibble::tibble()],

Author: ```suggestion
#' @returns The same type as the input data, default as a [tibble::tibble()],
```

### `join_inclusions()`

```{r}

> #' Join the outputs from the inclusion and exclusion events.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#' Join included events.
```
Maybe? :))

#'
#' This function joins the outputs from all the inclusion and exclusion

> #' events, by `pnr` and `dates`. From the input datasets:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#' functions, by `pnr` and `dates`. Input datasets:
```

#'
#' - `included_diabetes_diagnoses`: Dates are the first and second hospital diabetes diagnosis.
#' - `included_podiatrist_services`: Dates are the first and second diabetes-specific podiatrist record.
#' - `excluded_pregnancy`: Dates are the first and second elevated HbA1c test results (after censoring).
#' - `included_gld_purchases`: Dates are the first and second purchase of GLD of each individual.

> #'

Reviewer 2: Since we’re not slicing the data in inclusion event functions that needs to go through exclusion functions (i.e., `include_hba1c()` and `include_gld_purchases()`), do we want to add a helper function to slice them after they have gone through the exclusion functions? 
This helper function could also be used in or right after the other inclusion functions (`include_diabetes_diagnoses()` and `include_podiatrist_services()`) , so all datasets going into this function has already been sliced.

It would basically do what’s already in `include_podiatrist_services()`: 
```
# FIXME: This might be computationally intensive.
    dplyr::group_by(.data$pnr) |>
    # Keep earliest two dates per individual.
    dplyr::filter(dplyr::row_number(.data$date) %in% 1:2) |>
    dplyr::ungroup()
```

> #'

Reviewer 2: Isn’t both `gld_purchases` and `hba1c` events going through `exclude_pregnancy()`?

#' @param included_diabetes_diagnoses Output from [include_diabetes_diagnoses()].
#' @param included_podiatrist_services Output from [include_podiatrist_services()].
#' @param excluded_pregnancy Output from [exclude_pregnancy()].
#' @param included_gld_purchases Output from [include_gld_purchases()].
#'
#' @returns The same type as the input data, default as a [tibble::tibble()],
#'   with the joined columns from the output of [include_diabetes_diagnoses()],
#'   [include_podiatrist_services()], [exclude_pregnancy()], and

> #'   [include_gld_purchases()]. There should be between 1 to 8 rows per `pnr`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#'   [include_gld_purchases()]. There will be 1-8 rows per `pnr`.
```

#' @keyword internal
#' @inherit algorithm seealso
join_inclusions <- function(
    included_diabetes_diagnoses,
    included_podiatrist_services,
    excluded_pregnancy,
    # TODO: Do we need this? There isn't an arrow from it in the diagram

>     included_gld_purchases) {

Reviewer 2: I don’t think we do? From the description of `exclude_pregnancy(https://steno-aarhus.github.io/osdc/articles/function-flow.html#exclude_pregnancy)` in the [function flow](), it seems that the included hba1c and gld purchases are joined in this function
